# Reviewhunt Data Policy

*(Effective Date: January 29th, 2020)*

Reviewhunt ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [https://review.hunt.town/](https://review.hunt.town/)  website (the "Service").

This page is to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Services and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve our Services. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Data Policy, terms used in this Data Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms](https://review.hunt.town/terms) .

## Definitions

*   **Service** − Service is the [https://review.hunt.town/](https://review.hunt.town/)  website operated by Reviewhunt.
*   **Personal Data** − Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession)
*   **Usage Data** − Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
*   **Cookies** − Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
*   **Data Controller** − Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Data Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
*   **Data Processors (or Service Providers)** − Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
*   **Data Subject (or User)** − Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected:

*   **Personal Data** − While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

*   **Email Address**
*   **Full Name**
*   **Country of Residence**
*   **Device Type**
*   **Cookies and Usage Data**

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in an email we send.

*   **Usage Data** − We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and other diagnostic data.

We may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.

If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

## Local Storage

A local storage is a file created by a website in your device. Cookies are just one type of local storage, but there are others. It is important that you know them so you can block them or delete the data stored by them:

*   Browser local storage. Some websites use the browser’s "sessionStorage" and "localStorage" to store data; "sessionStorage" is stored temporarily, but the “localStorage” is persistent. You may erase them by deleting your browser’s history.

## Use of Data

Reviewhunt uses the collected data for various purposes. The purposes include, but are not limited to:

*   To provide and maintain our Service
*   To notify you about changes to our Service
*   To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
*   To provide customer support
*   To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
*   To monitor the usage of our Service
*   To detect, prevent and address technical issues
*   To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that were similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

## Retention of Data

Reviewhunt will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Data Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Reviewhunt will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to − and maintained on − computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside of the South Korea and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the South Korea and process it there.

Your consent to this Data Policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to that transfer.

Reviewhunt will take all reasonably necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Data Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data to an organization or country will take place unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Data

#### Business Transaction

If Reviewhunt is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Data Policy.

#### Legal Requirements

Reviewhunt may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

*   To comply with a legal obligation
*   To protect and defend the rights or property of Reviewhunt
*   To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
*   To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
*   To protect against legal liability

## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Data Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18\. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Access to and Editing Your Information

You can view and change your personal information by visiting the Reviewhunt website and further your account.

You can also send us an email to: admin@hunt.town to request access, rectify or delete any information that you provided us with. We cannot delete your information except by deleting your account. We cannot comply with your request for change of information if we believe that such a change would result in violation of any law or legal requirement, or if the information becomes incorrect due to such changes.

If you delete your content on our website, their copies may remain accessible for viewing in the cache or on archived pages. The procedure for proper access and use of information posted on the Reviewhunt website, including user materials, is governed by our Terms.

## International Data Transfers

By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to applicable countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.

## Changes to this Data Policy

We may update our Data Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Data Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Data Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Data Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Data Policy, please email admin@hunt.town.

[Go to homepage](https://review.hunt.town/)
